your lesson forever and as a second
today's video I bring you a glitch
pretty funny that good is something that
patched a long time ago and has
come out a new method to do it
much easier and such so good what
I'm going to explain basically is this clip
Good thing I did not go to the channel but
maybe you have seen it how good is the
cliché of mannequin and there is another one that is
good in topo mode so to speak
it's really pretty funny
I will teach you both ways to
do it in the two ways that is a
same method for two but good
Well, you have to do some things
different and good because I was here with
my friend fargas that I will also leave you his
channel in the description if you want
watch video from your perspective as
what I'm going to see I'm not going to see him and
then to see him I'm not going to see him and
Well basically the trick is
in the following we have to put myself
for example, pointing at him and that's what
has to do is at the same time
I'm going to shoot him with the
sniper in the head that is him
we have to shoot a lethal bullet with
the franc in the head and at the same time
that just we shoot he has
to put yourself in passive mode is worth
it has to be very fast right in the
At the moment we counted 1 2 and 3
and it gave the passive mode it's worth and so
go well then what has to happen
is that it appears to us that
he is on the ground with the little symbol of
passive mode and will be already created vale
right now he is as if he does not like
we would have fired later you will see it
because we 're going to do it the other way around and well
Well, once here we can do two
one things is the mannequin mode and another is
turbo mode ok let's do first
the mannequin mode that we 're going to see well
here that is going to ride the bike and goes
to leave in an incredibly position
rare that one stayed like watching
back on the bike and then I
Amount me and good looks like a figure
a little weird a little sexual but good
for it is simply he will see him
same normal mounted on the motorcycle and on the
can carry and all that is worth but to me
I get like this very weird played like a
mannequin and good because the truth is that
it's quite fun, now you will not see
we 're going to do it the other way around so that
You see how I do it and he went out to
he came out is like I was done
a mannequin is valid for you to see
simply that I have to put on
passive mode and that nothing happens to me and
so it is worth to see it from two
prospects
I repeat that you have to do it at the same
time since if you put the passive mode
a little before then the other
he will not be able to shoot and if he does well
you are going to hit it later it will kill you
but nothing happens he will try again
all the times you want but it 's
pretty simple, it's worth most
of the times so good then
simply the other method that there is is
well let's repeat the same thing
I'm going to shoot him and he's going to put on
passive and good way what we are going to do
Now is when I'm on the ground once
that really our local version but
we see him has drawn what he
will do is remove the passive mode
so that we can hit him
the passive mode is removed and as soon as
we hit a hit it goes up now and it
will remain like a mole on the ground with the
mole mode as I call him and how do you
We call ourselves how good it is
fun because it goes or is it really strange
you see in the background in the video that goes like
jumping at the bottom of the floor one thing
quite rare and good is will be seen
totally normal as I said so
good if you want to see how it happens to me
how do I put myself in topo mode and all that
go through your channel and you can see how I have
said nothing kids, it's a click
pretty funny very easy so
I hope that you to me the truth that I
They make pretty good grace and that and me
I have a good time so nothing is
so it is simply that if it has
liked to pop the like button
Favourite
if we go in the next video chao